But you stinky boy
Secretly married without my consent
Grandpa, can you listen to me explain?
Tomorrow your sister will come to ask questions
Feed yourself
It doesn't make much sense.
OK
Who?
The family said my sister wants to see you, so what?
Just your family
I'm afraid my sister will look down on you
Lu Xiu, do you know what you're talking about?
Well, we were just talking about a family
You are a courier.
Don't tell me what kind of rich second generation you are
Come out and experience life as a courier.
Yeah, not bad.
Stop bragging
Don't worry, I won't dislike your family.
When you see my sister, you will know
But then again
Your food is really delicious
Why don't I arrange a restaurant for you to be a chef?
Stop being a courier.
How tiring it is to deliver the courier, how free it is to be a courier?
What if you like my cooking?
I'll just be a chef for you from now on
That's good.
Then you can make a bento and send it to the office tomorrow.
Yes!
Ah Zhangzhou
Don't go in
Why why
Hey, you don't understand human language
I told you
This is an upscale office building.
Inferior people are not allowed in
inferior
What the hell are you?
Just randomly divide people into three, six, nine, etc
Hey, a little bit.
Then you really don't understand?
You are a courier.
I know what you're going in for.
Who's to lose something?
If you understand human words, get out of here
OK
Then I put things
Just put it in there